what's good YouTube you know who it is
Chris Jones represent as Issa greatness
and right now I'm over here chillin man
decide to go ahead and drop this video
for y'all real quick I recorded it
yesterday morning if you've already seen
my split video if you have it for those
are happy to give a fuck some people
really don't give a fuck right there
that's the current split I'm doing for
my cut I only got about two weeks of
cutting left I'm a maintaining for about
two weeks you know see what my
metabolism is that you don't want to
just jump straight into a bulk and then
I'm just slowly increasing my calories
me I want to bring on my debts and I
want to bring on my hamstrings and you
can't bring up body parts on a fucking
calorie deficit or maintenance you got
to get a surplus a train your ass off I
need calories but anyway uh here it is
man uh before I start you watch the
split video you already know I train my
palms once or twice a week for the past
two weeks I've been doing my biceps
twice a week I've been doing my biceps
every Monday and every Thursday I've
been hitting it with my cardio first
thing in the morning every Monday and
every Thursday I thought that's perfect
for me it gives the muscles enough time
to rest and it gives me frequency all
right and uh yes I want to say that's
about it for now man here it is my box
uh protein check it out
alright homies at home man so as you see
jumping it off with the preacher curls
look at my elbows see how I got a
straight parallel with each other I got
my triceps against the pad real good for
overall bicep development but I'm really
focused on the short head and I did
pyramid style sets what I did was start
off with a 10 on each side got about 18
to 20 reps
then I did two tens on each side you got
about 15 reps I believe it varies it
very various man it depends how tired I
am that day you keep in mind I do this
first thing in the morning then three
teams on each side and then swish it's
got can I get this where shit got
counter real get about ten reps on that
set then I did four plates for about
five reps I believe yeah five reps for
five reps I'll go ahead and show the
whole city okay four reps then we go
ahead and put on five teams on each side
for one to two reps and here it is I got
one rep then I try to get one more I
couldn't do it man can I do it then
strip it on down to get some more reps
strip it down and I go to failure man
got about three reps then I dropped it
down there three plates then I dropped
it down the two plates I've dropped it
down to one plate really taking them all
the failure getting a stupid crazy
retarded fucking pump man then go ahead
and finish off with some accessory work
all right
preacher hammer curl this is really good
for the outside long head of the biceps
in the bronchioles okay the brachialis
it's the little piece of meat on that
bicep that separates the buy stuff from
the tricep so you want some 3d looking
arm that's developed from the outside
all the way to the inside be sure to get
the hammer
then go ahead and jump it off with some
twisting inclined curls I'm supinating
at the top to really make sure I hit
that short head that way why flex on the
rolls and hit that front double by step
it's my shit look separated when I'm
laying because it's developed then I
finished up with some reverse camber
crows for some more long-haired work and
forearm work and that's all folks
all right that's my box up routine now
keep this in my homies at home and I
have two different bicep routines this
is just one of them I have two this one
right here is pretty much focused around
really squeezing the muscle using good
quality form getting good quality reps
as you noticed I did the preacher branch
twice to keep you from cheating yeah I
did the end curl the incline curls to
keep you from cheating then I did the
cable curls because that's constant
tension on the muscle then I have an
outer box up day which is pretty much
based around moving some heavy weight
I'm not too concerned with using perfect
form I'm all about moving heavy weight
that day and you'll see that video real
soon now I know a lot of you hippie
motherfuckers are gonna start talking
shit try to tell me how to train telling
me oh you gotta use good form
everytime boom is everything first off
fuck you secondly you got a movie anyway
ting bodybuilding yes good Foreman it's
crucial you gotta have a mixture of good
form and heavy weight and quite frankly
man light ass weight with perfect form
will not bring hose to your college dorm
I'm telling you man I've seen many
people use perfect fucking form the slow
fucking negatives the isometrics and
still got small ass fucking arms you
know I'm saying and then you see the
guys curling a motherfucking 80 standard
yeah they Rock and they waste a little
bit to get that bitch up but at the end
of the day they still curling 80 pounds
fucking dumbbells and they got big ass
motherfucking arms so I'm a firm
believer in a mixture of both I like to
have day
where I go heaviest fucking I don't
really worry too much about Foreman I'm
not using sloppy stupid for me I'm not
fucking retarded but yes the fall is not
gonna be terribly perfect I'm a swing
just a little bit at the top you know it
is what it is and then I like to have a
day work all my reps of quality
sometimes I do a mixture of both I'll
just purr me that's why I like that's
why I love doing pyramids you know I'll
start light get some quality reps and
then I'll get to like a heavy-ass weight
for a set of four the form is not gonna
be perfect of course and then I do it
drops it to bring it on down that way I
get the perfect balance of heavy weight
and good reps but we'll talk more about
that later if you happen to be
interested now if you're close my fuck
don't worry about it but if you happen
to be interested about my mindset about
training be sure to look out for more
videos there anyway talking way to all
of us and fucking biceps I gotta wrap
this video up don't forget to like my
shit karma subscribe my gosh
say hi to Bruno soon hey everyone oh he
already did a little snack over here
holla back at you boy
[Music]